USHIFT-179 Create PR script improvements & doc (#980)
openshift/microshift: docs/openshift_ci.md

This is well [documented](https://docs.ci.openshift.org/docs/how-tos/adding-a-new-secret-to-ci/). Secrets are stored in [Vault](https://vault.ci.openshift.org/ui/vault/auth?with=oidc%2F). Leave `Role` as `default` and click `Sign in with OIDC Provider`. This will ask you to sign in with your Red Hat SSO login. Once a secret is present in Vault, step refs can specify these secrets under the `credentials` field (see [here](https://docs.ci.openshift.org/docs/architecture/step-registry/#injecting-custom-credentials)).

> At present MicroShift steps inject following credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At present MicroShift steps inject the following credentials:
```

- RHSM subscription (required for installing system and test dependencies on the GCP test instances)
- CI Pull Secret (required to pull images in nightly rebase job)

> - GitHub App's ID and private key (required to push branches and create Pull Requests with nightly rebase)

Reviewer: Nit: can we replace "GitHub App's ID" by "GitHub App ID" in all places?

> - GitHub App's ID and private key (required to push branches and create Pull Requests with nightly rebase)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- GitHub App ID and private key (required to push branches and create Pull Requests with a nightly rebase)
```

### Obtaining GitHub App's ID and private key for PR creation script

> GitHub App can be understood as a credentials with specific permissions authorized against a repository. GitHub App can be created using form at [github.com/settings/apps/new](https://github.com/settings/apps/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub App can be presented as a set of credentials with specific permissions authorized against a repository. GitHub App can be created using the form at [github.com/settings/apps/new](https://github.com/settings/apps/new).
```

> [Pull request creation script](../scripts/create_pr.py) requires following read and write permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Pull Request creation script](../scripts/create_pr.py) requires the following read and write permissions:
```

- Contents (to push branches directly to the repository)
- Pull requests (to create Pull Requests)

> After creating the App, private key must be generated and together with App's ID supplied to the Vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating the GitHub App, a private key must be generated and added to the Vault together with GitHub App ID.
```
